added some "soft" requirements (#5)
CollaborativeFederatedLearningTutorials/website: docs/tutorial.md

# Tutorial

## Requirements

> To run this tutorial, you need a machine with the following requirements:
> 
> - Internet access.
> - Web browser (to follow this tutorial and copy-paste commands).
> - An SSH-compatible terminal (Windows 10 onwards has the built-in [Windows Terminal](https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9N0DX20HK701?launch=true&mode=full&referrer=bingwebsearch&ocid=bingwebsearch&hl=en-us&gl=US)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run this tutorial, you need a machine with the following requirements:

- Internet access.
- Web browser (to connect to codespaces).
```
